crime-20905140.txt
A 25-year-old German man has been arrested for allegedly burying a cache of bombs near a German soccer stadium in a blackmail plot, authorities say. The unnamed German national was arrested in Cologne on Tuesday after allegedly placing the explosives in a parking garage near the Westfalenstadion in Dortmund, home of the Borussia Dortmund team, the Federal Office of Criminal Investigation told The Local news agency. The bombs were safely defused, and three more were found at the man's home in Krefeld, officials said. Investigators said they began tracking the man after he e-mailed the German Embassy in Pakistan, offering information about two planned attacks in Germany by a group. The warning appeared to be a blackmail bid and was worded like an unsolved attempted blackmail case last year. "The suspect apparently acted alone with a general criminal motive," a federal spokesman said. "There are absolutely no ties to terrorist or Islamist organizations." Authorities say he admitted placing the bombs. Dortmund police spokesman Michael Stein told the BBC: "We expect no security threat at all for the upcoming Bundesliga match on Saturday. Visitors are invited to come to Dortmund. They will be safe here."
german, arrested, explosives, garage, stadium, federal, criminal, investigation, bombs, home, embassy, information, blackmail, criminal, terrorist, organizations, safe
['Dortmund', 'unsolved attempted blackmail case', 'blackmail bid', 'safely defused', 'Cologne', 'Tuesday', 'cache of bombs', 'Westfalenstadion', 'explosives', 'parking garage', 'arrested', 'Germany', 'Pakistan', '25yearold German', 'burying', 'no ties to terrorist or Islamist organizations', 'soccer stadium', 'Federal Office of Criminal Investigation', 'German Embassy', 'began', 'terrorist', 'information', 'national', 'unnamed', 'stadium', 'DORTMUND', 'blackmail', 'Criminal Investigation', 'plot', 'German arrested', 'man', 'organizations Authorities', 'safe', 'bombs', 'cache', 'Bundesliga', 'worded', 'German', 'invited', 'Federal', 'unsolved', 'Saturday', 'apparently', 'April']
